# Artificial Intelligence
## Assignments
### Adversarial Search
In this assignment we are going to work on an \textbf{artificial intelligence} project that involves implementing the well-known adversarial search algorithm **Minimax** with **Alpha-Beta pruning** algorithm in Python.  These algorithms are useful tools to optimize **decision making** for an AI agent. At the end, we will implement a program/agent playing and winning the game Connect Four. At the end, we study and summarize the paper about AlphaGo "*Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search*" of [David Silver, A. Huang et al., 2016], which introduce a new approach of Monte Carlo Tree Search algorithm.
### Logistic Regression
In this assignment we are going to work on three different **Machine Learning** algorithms that involve two datasets corresponding to letter counts in the 15 chapters of the french and english versions of *Salammbo*. We first use the **gradient descent** method to compute regression lines. Then we need to program the **perceptron** algorithm and run it on the same dataset. Finally, we will improve the threshold function with the **logistic** curve for implementing the **logistic regression** from our perceptron program. In this way, we will try various configurations and study their influence on the learning speed and accuracy. At the end, we need to read the paper of Sebastian Ruder (2017) "*An overview of gradient descent optimization algorithms*" and summarize the main characteristics of all the optimization algorithms the author describes.
### Probabilistic Reasoning
In this assignment we will work on an Artificial Intelligence project that involves **robot localisation** in the **grid world**, based on the **forward filtering** algorithm with a **Hidden Markov Model** (HMM). The localiser we consider will be implemented in Java. At the end, we study and summarize the paper "Monte Carlo Localization: Efficient Position Estimation for Mobile Robots" by [Fox, Burgard, Dellaert, Thrun], which introduce a new algorithm for mobile robot localisation called **Monte Carlo localization** (MCL).
